JOURNAL ENTRY  - 01 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2011-06-08
This will be my first of many journal entries that I will use to keep a record of my work here at Triple Helix Industries. I am very excited to start work on the new project; what we are trying to achieve is beyond anything I would have possibly imagined. I have to go and meet the team, I will write more in the weeks to come.
EMPLOYEE PROFILE
Dr. Gary Rhodes
Graduated from Carleton University Bio-Medical Engineering 1998
Graduated from Harvard Medical School Magna Cum Laude 2003
Graduated from Oxford University 2008
2008-2012 - Work for Pentagon – CLASSIFIED
March 2012, hired as head of Advanced Bio-Medical Research and Experimentation Division at Triple Helix Industries. 

JOURNAL ENTRY - 02 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2012-03-10
CLASSIFIED
Using genetic  engineering, we’ve been able to create new lifeforms with superhuman capabilities. But we are unable to imbue them with true sentience, leaving them as little more than animals. I’ll have to consult with the neuroscience department.
JOURNAL ENTRY - 03 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2012-03-28
Brilliant! We’ve engineered a process by which we can transfer a being’s consciousness from one brain to another.  If all goes according to plan, we’ll begin testing on mice next week.
JOURNAL ENTRY - 04 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2012-04-08
Success! We transferred the mind of a mouse from it’s natural body into one of our creation. We’ll begin testing on successively more mentally complex lifeforms before we begin human testing.
JOURNAL ENTRY - 05 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2012-04-10
An interesting side effect of the consciousness transferal became apparent today. The mindless bodies of the animals have shown the tendency to regain some level of consciousness after a period of time. Perhaps we are merely copying their mind into our engineered bodies.

JOURNAL ENTRY - 06 -
Dr. Rhodes, 2012-06-13
The time for human testing has arrived. The company lawyers have insisted that only an informed, consenting volunteer be used for the first human test. I have volunteered myself. The others see my decision as risky, but I have faith in my abilities. I will be the first to transcend to a higher form of life!
JOURNAL ENTRY - 07 -
Dr. Gorelik, 2012-06-14
Human testing did not go well. Dr. Rhodes has not regained consciousness since the transfer, and his new body has begun to destabilize into what appears to be the stem sell serum used to create it. We’ve kept his original body chilled so that we can attempt to transfer his mind back once he comes to.

JOURNAL ENTRY - 08 -
Dr. Anderson, 2012-06-18
The destabilization of Dr. Rhodes new body has taken an interesting turn. The scientists have started referring to it as “The Blob”. He’s become a viscous green goo. Testing indicates his new form has similarities to both stem and nerve cells. In theory, he could reshape himself to some degree, and would have interesting interactions with other creature’s nervous systems. Still no hypothesis as to what is causing the change.

JOURNAL ENTRY - 09 -
Dr. Gorelik, 2012-06-20
Some kind of neurological disease has begun spreading through the staff, transforming them into what can only be described as zombies. An evacuation  order has been issued for the lab. I couldn’t get out before the lab was sealed. I’m trapped here. If someone finds this, tell my family I love them.
JOURNAL ENTRY - 10 -
Dr. Anderson, 2012-06-22
It’s chaos. Martial law has been declared, and the soldiers have begun shooting anyone they fear may be infected. They’ve all but enslaved the surviving scientists, forcing us to work around the clock uncovering the source, and cure for, the zombie outbreak.

JOURNAL ENTRY - 11 -
Dr. Anderson, 2012-06-24
We’ve made some progress. The virus appears to be a modified form of one of the serums used in our consciousness transferal system. It spreads through bodily fluids and overwrites portions of it’s victims higher brain functions with a feral need to spread the virus. The source of the outbreak must have been one of the animals we tested. If we could find which one, we could perhaps develop a cure. But how could one of the lab animals have modified the serum?

JOURNAL ENTRY - 12 -
Dr. Anderson, 2012-06-24
We made a terrible mistake. The mindless bodies of the animals didn’t regain consciousness, they were reverting to a more animalistic state. In animals, the change wasn’t noticeable. But Dr. Rhodes’ body, deprived of it’s human mind, devolved into a vicious beast intent on fulfilling his darker impulses. He is the source of the zombie outbreak.  The only way to stop the outbreak would be to reunite Rhodes’ mind with his errant body. A difficult task, as his body is now in control of a zombie horde.

JOURNAL ENTRY - 13 -
Sgt. J. Rambo , 2012-06-26
Zombies ain’t so tough. Nothing like what I went through in ‘Nam. Gonna kill my way to their leader.





